okay guys what's up I'm back with the
sound test on on these two headphone
here now these two I mean it's almost
like trying to pick you know do you want
to BMW 7-series
or Mercedes s-class that's polish the
sound quality I mean I'm loving both of
these and I don't know I I don't know if
I could really pick up what's one person
that I would prefer I can explain to you
a little bit how to sell the Spanish
sound it's like you know one of the
hardest things to do
now these image ones there they sound
superb and what I noticed about it they
don't have that overpowering or that
bass that's gonna blow your brains out
but they have a nice they have a nice
smooth bass and the highs and the LEAs
are I mean you can pretty much say
perfect I mean these things I mean they
sound real good and if you wasn't I'm
even if you are a hip-hop fan are a fan
of techno house indie music with a lot
of bass you can go for these you can go
for me they're they're good I mean
they're real good I mean if you know
about cliffs you know they made
top-of-the-line home speakers the these
these are solo HD czar to me they sound
better than Sun to other beats I'm not
gonna name which ones but these they
actually blew me away specially compared
compared to the original beats that came
out their solos about three years ago
the base of these things are are
outstanding but they have the meat and
the highest to go with them too when I
when I try them on and I play my music I
play some of
some ice cubes some wood some heavy bass
and I play these for it Wow
I tried these first and then the sound
quality I've got it's worth 299 dollars
to pay for these they're worth it
and after about 20 minutes of listening
to music I tried to the image horns on
and I didn't want to take these off but
I had to take them off and try these
again so I can you know do my
examination on the bass and the bass on
these are real nice if you were to put a
gun in my head and force me to the
choose you know by me being a lover of
rock hip-hop and R&B and oldies I
probably would go for this solo as these
I probably would but don't don't don't
put that in stone no car in stone but
these are definitely no jazz blues
hip-hop I mean eight just about the same
thing you know st. genre of music and I
like to look at these they low-profile
they nice they're very comfortable
pass the stress test and another thing I
like to the function controls on on
image ones they look a lot better than
you know beats I mean really you can see
that you see you trying over there kind
of cheap on it solos the cables are
pretty sturdy even though it was the
cable going to two ear ear cuffs I know
they just about the same as to plug the
jacks and everything but forget about
all that the sound quality it's
top-notch with both of these
topknots but if you force me I might
have to go both excuse me I keep saying
bulls on the wedding on my mind maybe
because I'm a little comparison both
with these image ones what these solos
like I said they sound better than some
other beats I'm not gonna mention which
ones maybe if you inbox me I tell you
guys it's hard to choose between you you
would have to listen to these and I you
know just I don't know I just don't know
I I love both of these even though I
just got them it's only been a few hours
so I haven't but I probably would go
because I like bass with them
solo its deeds I feel what's just solo
HD had at these looks or better yet the
solos were I'm not fond of all these
bright colors you know that's mainly for
the kids
I'm coming little too old for all that
but this is the Harlem this this is a
tough one I keep saying I go for the
beats but yet I'm holding these image
ones in my hand all right god you have
to decide on this one I can't tell you
what's gonna sound the best that's why I
just can't do that so that's always I
will be putting on more videos more
comparisons leave me a message
you know if you want me to compare some
headphones if I can get my hands on my
gladly do it alright I stand up peace
out bye what you won't know that nobody
discoursing